update contributing guide (#196)
openpharma/mmrm: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

    are not exported).
4.  Functions must be unit tested (even when they are not exported).

### Imports

In package `mmrm`, we follow the following convention in package imports.

> 1. When only a few function from another package is needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When only a few functions from another package are needed:
```

    1. In `DESCRIPTION`, add that package into `Imports`.
    1. In `mmrm-package.R`, we add a `importFrom` with a single function from the package.
        1. The function imported can be any random function within the package.
    1. Always use `package::function` style wherever you need to use the function.
    1. Example: `stats`.
1. When many functions from another package are needed:
    1. In `DESCRIPTION`, add that package into `Imports`.

>     1. In `mmrm-package.R`, we use a `import` with to import every function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. In `mmrm-package.R`, we use a `import` to import every function.
```
